added preliminary thoughts about state (#751)
Ada-Developers-Academy/textbook-curriculum: React/state-concept.md

Let's say we are making a program for playing a game of chess. At the beginning of the game, we always begin with the same state.

![A chess board at the beginning of a game of chess, with black pieces at the top](images/chess_1.png)

If we were defining this "state" for a computer program, we would need to include the colors and positions of each piece, the maximum dimensions of the board, and whether or not either king is in check. 

**Don't worry if you don't know anything about chess. For this lecture, we're just talking pieces and position.**

When we talk about something as "state", like in this game of chess, there is an expectation that things will change. After a few moves, our chess board might look like this:

![A few moves have been taken, and two pawns are now missing from the board. A white knight is on D4, and the black queen is on C6.](images/chess_2.png)

Each time we move a chess piece, we can say that the 'state' of the board changes. 

In general, state might refer to the contents of our servers, the list of parameters passed into a function, or the contents of an object.

> In React, `state` was came to be used as the key word for the contents that belong to a instance of a Classical Component (don't think Beethoven, think "a component built off a class").

Reviewer: This sentence should be changed; in our Hooks curriculum, we will never introduce classical components as code they need to write anymore. Hooks lets us have state in functional components.

Also, grammar on the beginning of this line: "`state` was came to be used"

> In React, `state` was came to be used as the key word for the contents that belong to a instance of a Classical Component (don't think Beethoven, think "a component built off a class").

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In React, we use the `useState` hook to generate a variable we keep track of through the lifetime of a component.  You can think of it like an instance variable in a Ruby class.  Each instance of the component maintains it's own state over the lifetime of the component.
```
